Game Rules 

  

 Equipment: 

number of easy query: 16 

number of medium query: 15 

number of hard query: 15 

number of word query: 390 including 85 trap cards 

and 1 friend 

 

Aim of the game: 

Perform 3 SQL queries of easy, medium and hard levels faster than your opponent. 

The SQL cards all have the query written on them, and you have to recreate it using the Black cards. 

For more information about queries  check our website. 

  

Preparation: 

The player who hasn't recently used a SQL query starts and/or the youngest player. 

Each player draws 1 card from the easy pile, 1 card from the medium pile and 1 card from the hard pile. 

Each player draws 8 cards from the black pile and is obliged to have exactly 8 cards at all times. If not, you have to pick the number of the missing cards 

 

Game sequence: 

In turn, each player places a card from the purple pile on the table. 

the cards: 

Green:  Easy SQL quest cards 

Blue: Medium SQL query cards 

Purple: Difficult SQL query cards 

Black: Basic cards for creating SQL queries 

Trap cards:  

-Syntax error" card: you have to start from the beginning 

- Query Satellite" card: Spies on an opponent's DATABASE (can be combined with SQL Injection to steal a card by spying). 

- SQL Injection Card: Steals a card at random from an opponent (can be combined with a Query Satellite to choose the card). 

Bonus cards: 

- Master SQL Card: Replaces a card with any SQL word of your choice. The SQL word must be explained and justified before use. 

- SQL Reset" card: Exchanges all the cards in your current hand with new cards. Draw the same number of cards as you exchanged. 

- SQL Challenge" card: If your opponent has solved more cards than you (e.g. if you're at the easy end and he's at the medium end), add a card of lower difficulty than the one he's solved. 

- SQL Shield card: Activate a shield that protects against enemy attacks for 2 turns. During this period, the negative effects of opposing cards have no effect on you. 

 

 End of game: 

The first player to resolve 3 SQL query cards wins the game. 

 